as a million of the Potter said I would
rather die on my feet than live on my
knees
one of those things I think echoes
through everybody's hearts but it is
easy to say and it is very hard to do
and that brings me to the most central
quote to my life never give in never
never never and nothing great or small
large or petty never give in except the
convictions of Honor and good sense
never yield to force never yield to the
apparently overwhelming might of the
enemy Winston Churchill that to me is
the mantra that you have to say over and
over and over if you want to live on
your feet you have to understand there
are going to be times where the might of
the enemy is so clearly superior to the
force that you have mustered in your own
soul that what they bring to bear they
are so much farther ahead they have
force that makes you want to crumble and
despair at their feet and at that moment
you have to know who you are at that
moment you have to know that under no
circumstances would you ever
kneel to that that you will rise up that
you will stand before anybody not afraid
to be struck down that you could handle
[Music]
we're surrounded there in front of us
behind it to the left and right of us
they can't get away this time when you
can be surrounded when you can be in a
position where you know that you're
outgunned and still convince yourself
that you're going to win to go into it
believing you're going to win then
you'll understand one of the fundamental
truths of being a human being to
accomplish the extraordinary first first
you must believe you have to believe in
something even before you have any
earthly right to believe in it you have
to be able to look inside of yourself
and know that you're going to show up to
look inside of yourself and see
something that nobody else can see to
know that you are playing to win to know
that you understand the way the mind
works and that if you can't believe the
purse if you can't be a vision for
yourself of being capable of something
then you're not capable of it and that
if you want to do what other people
think we can't do then you've got to
start by convincing yourself that you
can do it that comes down to a belief
about who you are and what you're
capable of and that belief is your the
whole no one can give it to you no one
can take it away that is who you are a
decision a choice a belief
[Music]